
## Summary of Article: The Benefits of Coffee
The following sentences are a short summary, generated by our algorithm, highlighting the top five most important sentences from the article ["9 Reasons Why the Right Amount of Coffee Is Good for You".](https://www.hopkinsmedicine.org/health/wellness-and-prevention/9-reasons-why-the-right-amount-of-coffee-is-good-for-you) You can find the complete summary in TextSummary.txt, and the full article in Text.txt.


> - Recent studies found that coffee drinkers are less likely to die from some of the leading causes
> of death in women: coronary heart disease, stroke, diabetes and kidney disease
>
> - In fact, researchers found that women age 65 and older who drank two to three cups of coffee a day were
> less likely to develop dementia in general
>
> - Drinking one to two cups of coffee a day may help ward off heart failure, when a weakened heart
> has difficulty pumping enough blood to the body
>
> - Study after study indicates you could be getting more from your favorite morning beverage
>than you thought: Coffee is chock full of substances that may help guard against conditions more common in women,
>including Alzheimer’s disease and heart disease
>
> - You are less likely to develop Parkinson's disease

## Top 3 sentences extracted from the first book of Harry Potter.
The following sentences are extracted from the book Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. These 3 sentences scored the highest using the TextRank algorithm.


> - Don’t you understand? If Snape gets hold of the Stone, Voldemort’s coming back! Haven’t you heard what it was like when he was trying to take over? There won’t be any Hogwarts to get expelled from! He’ll  
> flatten it, or turn it into a school for the Dark Arts! Losing points doesn’t matter anymore, can’t you see? D’you think he’ll leave you and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the House Cup? If I get caught
> before I can get to the Stone, well, I’ll have to go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, it’s only dying a bit later than I would have, because I’m never going over to the Dark Side!  
> I’m going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing you two say is going to stop me! Voldemort killed my parents, remember?” He glared at them.
>
> - But Harry only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in front of the mirror, and Ron wasn’t going to stop him.
>
> - What if he wasn’t chosen at all? What if he just sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and he’d better
> get back on the train? When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called, he fell over on his way to the stool.
